Central Park
index.page

- right side of carousel

Raindrops on Roses and Whiskers on Kittens
Bright Copper Kettles and Warm Woolen Mittens
Brown Paper Packages tied up with String
These are a few of our favorite things!


1.)  What to Do (quick info, description, location, etc. needed)

-  GMA's Summer Concerts
	If you don't mind being up and at the park before 6am, come be part of a live taping of Good Morning America's Summer Concert Series. Just remember to bring your own breakfast or snack for while you're waiting in the long line. And, you might even be on TV too!
	
	Where: Rumsey Playfield near 5th Ave. & 72nd Street
	Directions: Enter on 5th Ave. at 69th Street
	When: Fridays, line starts at 6am or earlier
	Cost: Free! Admission is first come first served, no tickets required uless otherwise noted.
	Who: Open to the Public
	Note: Certain concerts are ticketed but still free.
	Click Here for More Info
		http://www.centralpark.com/guide/activities/concerts/gma-concerts.html
	
-  Chess & Checkers House
	If you're up  for a game of chess, checkers, dominoes or backgammon, Central Park's Chess & Checkers House has 24 tables available. Feel free to borrow pieces or bring your own. You might even catch some grandmaster chess players on certain weekends. FYI, each grandmaster can play up to 30 people at a time.
	
	Where: Mid-Park @ 64th Street
	When: Days and hours vary depending on the season. 
	Cost: Free
	Who: Open to the Public
	Click Here for exact dates and times.
		http://www.centralpark.com/guide/sports/chess-checkers.html
	
-  Victorian Gardens Amusement Park
	Yes! There most certainly is an actual amusement park inside Central Park. During the hot months in NYC, Wollman Rink gets transformed into an amusement park fully equipped with traditional rides and games.

	Where: Wollman Rink
	Directions: Enter at 59th Street and 6th Avenue then walk North
	When: Hours vary daily but generally between 10am - 9pm
	Cost: Weekdays $8.50 plus rides and games or $24.50 unlimited rides
		  Weekends $9.50 plus rides and games or $27.50 unlimited rides
		  Under 36" free admission plus rides and games
	Who: little kids, big kids and some tweens
	Click Here for FAQs, exact dates, times, etc.
		http://www.victoriangardensnyc.com/
		
-  Row Boating
	Row, row, row your boat, gently down the stream. Well, actually on Central Park Lake. The Loeb Boathouse has approximately 100 row boats for your rowing pleasure. Each boat seats four people so you can take turns building your upper body strength.
	
	Where: East 72nd Street and Park Drive North
	Directions: Enter the park at E. 72nd Street and 5th Ave.
	When: 10am - 6pm, April to November, weather permitting
	Cost: $15 for the first hour, $4 for each additional 15 minutes plus $20 deposit, CASH ONLY
	Who: Children under 12 must be accompanied by an adult.
	Click Here for more Info
		http://www.thecentralparkboathouse.com/boats.php
		
-  Whisper Bench
	Do you have a secret to tell? Grab a friend. Sit on one side of the bench and have your friend sit on the opposite side. Whisper something to your friend. Your friend will hear whatever you whispered. By the way, it's officially called The Charles B. Stover Bench.
	
	Where: Shakespeare Garden between 79th and 80th
	Directions: Enter at Central Park West and 72nd Street
	When: Park Hours
	Cost: Free
	Who: Open to the Public

- Gone Fishing!
	Of course New Yorkers go fishing! The best place to catch and release fish is at Harlem Meer. You can borrow a fishing rod at Charles A. Dana Discovery Center and get free bait too. And if you don't know how to fish, you can get free instructions. 
	
	Where: Harlem Meer on the Northeast Side between 106th and 110th 
	Directions: Enter at 5th Ave. and 110th Street
	When: 10am - 3pm
	Cost: Free
	Who: Open to the Public
 
2.)  Things to See (quick info, description, location, etc. needed)

-  Shakespeare in the Park
	Hamlet? Macbeth? Romeo & Juliet? Cool stories, Bro! See the plays live in the open air if you're in the area. The Public Theater provides two productions every year. Each play is offered over the course of a few weeks in May, June, July and August.
	
	Where: Delacorte Theater
	Directions: Enter at 81st St & Central Park West or 79th Street & Fifth Avenue
	When: 8pm
	Cost: Free
	Who: Open to the Public
	There are a few ways to get free tickets. Click Here for More Info
		http://www.centralpark.com/guide/activities/shakespeare-in-the-park.html
	
-  Conservatory Gardens
	Are you in need of peace and quiet? Do you daydream about being surrounded by nature's beauty? This six-acre formal garden is divided into three smaller gardens, each with a distinct style: Italian, French, and English. Come find your oasis here.
	
	Where: 5th Avenue and 105th Street
	When: Everyday 8am - dusk
	Cost: Free
	Who: The Conservatory Garden is an officially designated Quiet Zone.
	
-  Waterfalls
	Where:
	Directions: Enter from the West side through Glen Span Arch around 102nd Street and follow the moving water, which is called the Loch.
	When:
	Cost:
	Who:
	
-  Belvedere Castle: Belvedere means "beautiful view" or "panoramic view" in Italian. But get there quick! They are closing at the end of summer 2017 for renovations. 

	Where: Mid-Park at 79th Street
	When: 10am - 5pm Daily
	Cost: Free
	Who: Open to the Public
 
-  Shakespear Garden

	Where: Westside between 79th and 80th
	When: 24 Hours a Day 7 Days a Week
	Cost: Free
	Who: Open to the Public

- Swedish Cottage Marionette Theater: If you love marionette puppet shows and also children's classic stories, then you should come see this!

	Where: 79th Street and West Drive
	When: Schedule Varies. Click here for up to date showtimes. http://www.ticketfly.com/search/?q=swedish+cottage
	Cost: $8 Children, $12 Adults, Reservations Required
	Who: Children under 18 must be accompanied by an adult at all times.
	Click Here for More Info
http://www.cityparksfoundation.org/arts/swedish-cottage-marionette-theatre/
	

3.)  Where to Eat (quick info, description, location, etc. needed)

-  Dancing Crane Café: Central Park eatery with indoor & outdoor seating, providing light cafe fare a wide variety of high-quality meals, snacks, beverages, and desserts that include carefully prepared fresh and healthy choices.

	Location: 64th Street and 5th Ave. in Central Park Zoo
	Hours: 10am - 4:30 Daily
	
-  Ballfields Café: Enjoy salads, sandwiches, burgers and other ballpark snacks at this eatery on the northern edge of the Heckscher Ballfields.

	Location: Mid-Park at 65th Street north of the Heckscher Ballfields
	Hours: 11am - 7pm Daily
	
-  Le Pain Quotidien: A popular European cafe chain that transformed the concession building north of Sheep Meadow at Mineral Springs, serving bakery fare, healthful salads, handmade breads, and organic drinks.

	Location: West Side mid-Park at 69th Street
	Hours: Mon-Fri: 7:00am - 8:00pm
		   Sat-Sun: 7:00am - 9:00pm
	
-  Loeb Boathouse Express Café: 

	Location: Enter at 72nd Street & Park Drive North
	Hours: 8am - 8pm Daily

- Beer Garden:
	

- Picnic: Grab a blanket, bring your own food and enjoy! There's a whole bunch of eating places to choose from all around Central Park. We suggest grabbing some food from WholeFoods in the the Time Warner Building and also Columbus Circle Turnstyle Food Court has a variety of eats and sweets. The possibilities are endless!

Where: Columbus Circle Area and Subway
When: Varies
Cost: Your Budget
Click here to checkout the Turnstyle food options.
http://turn-style.com/
		   
	
	
	